I don't know if I should say something.
But I'm prepared to do so.
King Bassanio, I beg you.
I'm sorry to say this, but I'm sorry for what happened to you.
If you feel sorry for losing a close friend,
I will never feel sorry for paying you a debt.
If you cut me down,
I will pay you with all my heart.
I'm in a very important position.
But I don't care about your life.
I will give up everything.
I want to save you from this devil.
Please hurry up.
The price of the man's hatred is the same.
The court will accept this.
The law will also accept this.
You are a great judge.
You have to cut the man's hatred.
The law will accept this.
The court will accept this.
You are a very arrogant judge.
It's a crime.
You should be punished.
Wait a minute.
I have something to say.
The court doesn't say that you can't kill a single person.
It says that you can kill a person.
But if you cut this man,
the court will accept this.
I'm a great judge.
I'm a judge who will be punished.
Is that the law?
You should see the law.
The court will accept this.
You should be prepared.
Thank you for watching.